feat: use new dedicated requester-pays public bucket (#33)
deepgenomics/GenomeKit: docs/quickstart.rst

    mamba install genomekit

Basics
------

Initial Data Access
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Data such as assemblies, annotations, tracks, etc is stored in custom-built binary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data, such as assemblies, annotations, tracks, etc, are stored in custom-built binary files.
```

> The files are required most commonly when creating :py:class:`~genome_kit.Genome` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files back GenomeKit objects and are required to query the genomic sequences and locations you are interested in.
```
